Category	Points	Answer	Question
Design	5	Information must not be communicated by this technique alone.	What are colours?
Design	5	This type of image should have a blank alt attribute.	What is a decorative image?
Design	10	A visual indicator for interactive elements when they are active.	What are focus states?
Design	10	The most accessible way to align text for people who read left to right.	What is left-justified?
Design	10	Rather than px's this sizing unit can be used to enable more responsive designs and adjustable font sizes.	What are rems?
Design	20	The word used to describe a large variation in colour	What is contrast?
Design	20	The minimum contrast requirement for form field outlines.	What is 3:1?
Design	20	"While this is an AAA accessibility requirement, what is the minimum touch area or target size for an element."	What is 44 by 44 px?
Design	40	Animations longer than 5 seconds that Autoplay must include this element.	What is a pause button?
Development	5	The attribute every image on the web must have in order to be considered accessible	What is an alt attribute?
Development	5	This interactive element performs a scripted action on the page or submits a form.	What is a button?
Development	5	"When activated, this interactive element takes the user to a new destination."	What is a link?
Development	5	This type of HTML element clearly describes the meaning of its content.	What are semantic elements?
Development	10	"This attribute specifies extra, non-essential information about an element and should usually be avoided."	What is a title attribute?
Development	10	This can be used to help a screen reader recognize that a different pronunciation is required to read some text.	What is a lang attribute?
Development	20	This kind of tool analyses source code to flag accessibility issues.	What is an accessibility linting tool?
Development	20	The maximum text zoom level that content needs to remain legible and there is no loss of functionality.	What is 200%
Development	20	Inputs must have these programmatically associated with them.	What are labels?
Development	20	This aria attribute replaces the visible label for an element.	What is an aria-label?
Development	20	"This commonly mis-used semantic element should only be used for independent, self-contained content that is possible to distribute."	What is the article tag?
Development	20	This can be used to find HTML syntax errors and ensure your code is meeting WCAG requirement 4.1.1 parsing.	What is an HTML validator?
Development	40	Never use ARIA when semantic HTML can accomplish the same thing.	What is the first rule of ARIA?
Final Jeopardy	0	The contrast ratio for normal size text to satisfy success criterion 1.4.6 Contrast (Enhanced) - Level AAA	What is 7:1?
Final Jeopardy	0	On this year the American Disabilities Act in the US finally guaranteed equal rights for people with disabilities.	What is 1990?
Final Jeopardy	0	This Canadian federal legislation aims to realize a barrier-free Canada by 2040.	What is the Accessible Canada Act?
Fundamentals	5	"Jaws, NVDA and VoiceOver are examples of what kind of assistive technology"	What is a screen reader?
Fundamentals	5	The word that the 4 principles of accessibility spell.	What is POUR?
Fundamentals	5	This is the current accessibility standard and target level that our organization is working towards.	What is WCAG 2.1 AA?
Fundamentals	10	"A visual disorder that, while not robbing people of sight, affects 1 in 200 women and 1 in 12 men."	What is colour blindness?
Fundamentals	10	The number of people in the world with a permanent disability.	What is 1 billion?
Fundamentals	10	This is the first rule of aria and should always be suggested before starting to add accessibility to a project.	What is do not use aria?
Fundamentals	20	The meaning of this acronym: WCAG	What are the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines?
Fundamentals	20	"To enable accessible development, these are required to be delivered with designs and user stories to the engineering team."	What are accessibility requirements/annotations?
Fundamentals	20	"This law in Ontario aims to identify, remove, and prevent barriers for people with disabilities."	"What is the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, or AODA?"
Fundamentals	40	This act is used in the lawsuits to sue American companies of inaccessible websites	What is the ADA/Americans with Disabilities Act?
Fundamentals	40	The month and year of when the next minor version of WCAG (currently in draft mode) is planned for publication.	What is December 2022?
Fundamentals	40	This automated software solution falsely claims to detect and fix web accessibility issues.	What is an accessibility overlay?
Fundamentals	40	This type of hardware device enables people who are deaf-blind to access the web.	What is a refreshable Braille display?
Fundamentals	40	Input assistive technologies such as eye-tracking devices and single switch devices mimic the functionality of this input device.	What is a keyboard?
User Experience	5	A lot of users who cannot use a mouse usually this common device to navigate a webpage.	What is a keyboard?
User Experience	5	This landmark should contain the main content of the page.	What is the main landmark?
User Experience	5	The interactive element that allows users to bypass blocks of content.	What is a skip link?
User Experience	5	These are used to introduce sections on a page.	What are headings?
User Experience	10	This HTML element is used to label grouped elements in a form.	What is a fieldset legend?
User Experience	10	These keyboard buttons are used to navigate the tabs of a tab widget.	What are arrow keys?
User Experience	10	"This can be used to wrap related form elements, like radio buttons or checkboxes, when they share a common label."	What is a fieldset?
User Experience	20	The appropriate control to use when there is a list of 2 or more options and the user may select any number of options.	What are checkboxes?
User Experience	20	These communicate the status of interface elements to the user.	What are states?
User Experience	20	"""Click here,"" ""View more,"" and ""See more"" are all examples of this kind of language."	What is non-inclusive language?
User Experience	20	These elements that describe the purpose of form elements must be consistently visible.	What are labels?
User Experience	20	All pages should include this text in the <head> so that they can be easily identified via their tabs within the browser.	What is a title?
User Experience	20	This can be used to make announcments specifically to assitive technoliges like a screen reader.	What is aria-live?
User Experience	40	These roles define and categorize the purpose of content on a page.	What are landmarks?
User Experience	40	"This landmark is used to identify common information at the bottom of each page within a website, typically called the ""footer""."	What is the contentInfo landmark?
Video	5	The words that appear below a video that help deaf users understand the dialog of a video.	What are captions?
Video	10	A form of narration used to provide information about key visual elements in a video.	What are audio descriptions?
Video	10	The maximum number of times accessible content can flash in 1 second.	What is three?
Video	10	"This can be triggered by high speed flashing within a video, the colour red is particularly dangerous."	What is a seizure?
Video	20	Videos require these three features to be considered level AAA compliant.	"What are captions, audio descriptions and transcripts?"
Video	20	The kind of captions that are always visible when a video is playing.	What are open captions?
Video	40	This type of video usually doesn't require an audio description.	What is a talking-head video?
Video	40	This is a requirement for level AAA compliance to make videos accessible to those who suffer from deafness/hard of hearing	What is sign language/ASL?
Video	40	These are the only WCAG exception for the AODA.	What are live captions or audio descriptions? 
			
			