Category	Points	Answer	Question
Accessibility	5	The attribute must every image on the web have in order to be considered accessible	What is an alt attribute?
Accessibility	10	"Jaws, NVDA and VoiceOver are examples of what kind of assistive technology"	What is a screen reader?
Accessibility	20	A lot of users who cannot use a mouse usually this common device to navigate a webpage.	What is a keyboard?
Accessibility	40	"A visual disorder that, while not robbing people of sight, affects 1 in 200 women and 1 in 12 men.What is colourblindness?"	What are beacons?
Web History	5	"The now defunct company gave us JavaScript, Cookies and the blink tag?"	What is Netscape?
Web History	10	This British technologist invented the web in 1989.	Who is Tim Berners-Lee?
Web History	20	The file sharing company pioneer was named after the nickname of its sleepy founder	What is Napster?
Web History	40	"The well dressed technologist who was the inspiration for ""The Architect"" in The Matrix film franchise."	Who is Vinton Cerf?
Video Games	5	"Named after a phrase used in the Japanese game Go, this U.S. company is credited for popularizing video games at home and in arcades."	What is Atari?
Video Games	10	This is considered a lie in Portal	What is The Cake?
Video Games	20	This Japanese Video Game company was originally formed in the 19th century.	What is Nintendo?
Video Games	40	This video game character was named after the landlord of the company that created him.	Who is Mario?
Creative Technology	5	The top two CMS platforms Sapient has a strong presence on.	What are AEM and SiteCore 
Creative Technology	10	"Cadillac Fairview, KPMG, Manulife, LCL, FCA"	What are the marketing projects currently executed from Toronto office.
Creative Technology	20	Sapient did one of the largest AEM implementation in the world for this professional services company.	What is KPMG 
Creative Technology	40	"WCMS, Analytics, Personalization, Data Management Platform, Campaign Management"	What are the Sapient Marketing technologies that Cadillac Fairview uses?
General Technology	5	These are the 5 service lines of Toronto technology practice.	"What are Experience Technology, eCommerce and Retail, Marketing Technology, and System Integration and Mobile "
General Technology	10	81	The number of technology practitioners in Toronto (at last count).
General Technology	20	"""We shall be renowned for making transformational impact on our clients through our obsession with engineering, agility and innovation; and will make SapientNitro a preferred destination for enriching careers in technology."""	The technology transformation vision for Publicis.Sapient.
General Technology	40	"What does ""CMP"", a quality delivery initiative within Publicis.Sapient, stand for?"	What is the Common Minimum Program.
Final Jeopardy	0	" The coolest, most skilled, and most productive group of people"	What is the Toronto technology team.